# George Cyriac

Email: _gcyriacm@gmail.com_ | Location –_Bangalore, India_ | Phone: _(91) 812 370 1211_ | https://www.linkedin.com/in/georgecyriacm/

An experienced Banking and Financial Services Professional with a demonstrated history of performance driven results in diverse role, such as Analyst in KYC/AML/DUE DILIGENCE and Big data management in a career spanning over 4 + years .



## PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

**STATE STREET CORPORATION, Bangalore, India**

Associate II June 2020 – Present

End to end management of client KYC process including liaison across the business, compliance and operations.

Understand the firm's KYC requirements when completing documentation inclusive of Customer Identification Program (CIP), Minimum 

Due Diligence (MDD), Enhanced Due Diligence (EDD), Local Due Diligence (LDD),Specialized Due Diligence(SpDD) and Product Due 

Diligence requirements (PDD).

Reporting Financial Crimes Compliance Due Diligence to the FIU/MLRO Manager, responsible for conducting Due Diligence as it pertains 

to Anti-Money Laundering (AML), Fraud, and the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) compliance. The Analyst will be a key member 

of the team whose mission is to comply with Due Diligence related requirements of the FATF, FINRA, FinCEN, and OFAC.

Review negative news and OFAC/Watch List/Politically Exposed Persons (PEP) alerts generated by automated systems.

Supervise and organized a team of 3 junior associates to resolve problems and achieve reporting deadline.

Maintain relevant databases and documentation and suggest controls to ensure we comply with regulations

Provide recommendations to bring about effective controls related to sanctions screening

**REFINITIV, Bangalore, India**

Content Analyst June 2017 – May 2020

Provide complete equity and derivatives real-time and reference data of the stock market listed companies to sell side analyst and 

financial institutions.

Analyzing financial statements, Income Statements, Cash flow and balance sheet which include Qualitative and Quantitative Analysis, 

quarterly & annual data of the exchange listed companies to update the information on the database.

Perform risk assessments, data analytics and Project management for over 5 projects. Compiled and presented audit findings and 

suggested practical business improvement.

Develop, maintain and manage business contacts with stock exchange management, sell-side analysts and investment community peers.

Participate in testing of new features and technology releases in the database. As well as Identifies, communicates and resolve project 

issues and changes.

Monitor the Impact of market movements of the trading instruments with Thomson Reuter’s products.

## ACTIVITIES & ACHIEVEMENTS

_Awarded for New work prioritization method._

_Awarded for consecutive months for highest quality and production._

_Part of Refinitiv Bangalore Site level Employee Engagement Team._

_Awarded for Automation testing._

## EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS

**Master Of Commerce**

_Kristu Jayanti College_

_07/2015 - 04/2017, Bangalore, India_

**Bachelor of Commerce**

_St. Claret College_

_07/2012 - 05/2015, Bangalore, India_

**Diploma in Indian & Foreign Accounting**

_International Association of Book-keepers – UK_

**Financial Essentials, Budgeting, Project Management**

Harvard Business School (Harvard Manage Mentor)

## SKILLS

_Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Lexis Nexis, World check One,KYC& AML tools, Database migration ,Organization,Time management,Stakeholders management,planning, Forward and strategic thinking ,Communication and motivation._

































